Subtitles by OnDemandKorea
Ripped & Synced by @SULTAN KHILAF
(Class Motto:
Lose Your Mind, Follow Your Instinct)
Wow, time flies!
Time or whatever, do you know
what today is?
(Confused)
Hee-chul's still not here?
- Not yet.
- Everyone's too lax.
Lee Sang-min!
What is today? Cue!
"I prepared an event to celebrate today"
"It's our 100th episode since
we first met!"
(Ask Us Anything's 100th Episode!)
100th episode swag!
It's our 100th episode today!
That's right!
It's already the 100th episode!
- It's been more than 2 years.
- What was the most memorable?
For the past 100 episodes?
Well, actually...
They almost canceled us by our
7th episode.
(Terrifying moment of crisis)
People say it brings good luck if you
dream of poop.
Or if you step on poop.
Jang-hoon pooped on our first episode!
- Really?
- Yes! It's true!
(Episode 1: "A Man's Pride"
Holding their pee)
If I don't go pee now, I'm gonna
have diarrhea.
I really have to go.
I'm serious.
I'm sorry, but...
Can you guys leave for a bit?
(Took care of big business)
I'm becoming a comedian.
(Providing fertilizer for the show)
Wow, you did all sorts of things.
And the duck boat on Han River.
(Waking up your sense in
extreme situations)
I've never gotten on this duck boat
with my girlfriend before!
Give my next mission!
(They had to go through various
missions to solve problems)
When I saw Kyung-hoon for the first time
in Han River,
I told him his band's too old.
You're not as popular as back then.
(Upset at his first appearance)
Buzz, your band? That was so long ago.
(20,000 Buzz fans got mad at him)
I got in a lot of trouble for that.
(Kyung-hoon got to see how much
his fans love him)
That's when Jang-hoon decidedly became
Kyung-hoon's mom.
Yeah, Jang-hoon started to take really
good care of me since then.
(His fans made them father and son)
If you said something like that now, you'd
have to live out in the jungle.
You'll be King Kong then!
As he keep pounding his chest.
"Why did I say that?"
(A lonely King Kong, full of regret)
We're family now.
Buzz fans love me very much too, by now.
Yeong-cheol makes me feel sad though.
He did so much on our first episode.
He really carried the show
in the beginning.
(Embarrassed)
(During a skit in Episode 1)
(He grabbed Hee-chul's hair,
unthinkable in today's mood)
(Getting slapped in all kinds of ways
in Episode 6)
(A heavy slap with thick sausage)
(Yeong-cheol gave big laughs
by sacrificing his body)
But that fame didn't continue on.
Why are you talking about the past?
Don't be so mean, I'm sure he's
loved in his own family.
I am!
He's right! And I can't talk so well
when I feel self-conscious.
We're so thankful that we lasted
this long to do our 100th episode.
We went through some rough times.
You think we got here because of your
quick remarks, Soo-geun?
- I didn't say anything...
- It's because of the viewers' love for us!
And I was told that we had 120 guest
students for those past 100 episodes.
It's all because of them that we got
to last this long.
- I'm very thankful.
- We should be, with all sincerity.
What's this?
I was waiting in the back, you guys
talk so much!
(He came through the front door today!)
You're late!
Wow, it feels so awkward to stand here.
Why are you wearing white today?
I brought some friends of mine today.
But they're too scared of Ho-dong that
they don't want to come in.
I barely got them to feel safe.
OK, come in!
(Noisy)
Hurry up!
- It's OK!
- Come in.
(Everyone looks)
(Ye-sung is dragged in)
(The idol-group Super Junior!)
How've you been ,Ye-sung?
Oh yes, I have.
Ye-sung, you're my baby!
You're not supposed to use honorifics here.
(Ye-sung looks a bit uncomfortable)
(And Ho-dong welcomes with much enthusiasm)
A few of my members felt like you were
stalking them, they hated it.
- Must be so stressful.
- Yes.
- Name one, who?
- Ye-sung.
Ye-sung.
You really gave me a name!
It was Ye-sung?
(Feel betrayed)
Ye-sung? The one that sings well?
He said he can't go on a TV show
with you anymore.
He got really stressed out!
They're victims of Ho-dong.
- Really?
- Why?
You don't understand how close Ye-sung
and I are.
He can't even look you in the eyes.
You should say hello properly.
He covered his eyes with his hair
because he's so scared.
He's so stiff1
Why are you so scared of Ho-dong?
Don't get scared, don't get scared!
Let's continue on with this mode, let's not
reveal to them that we're actually close.
Until the end, OK? Don't loosen up.
Yes...
(We're only pretending to be awkward
with each other!)
Don't use honorifics here!
(Feeling shy)
Ye-sung, don't be scared.
I'll protect you today.
OK.
(Feels comforted)
Introduce yourselves first.
We're the original idol-group to be
TV show hosts.
And we've returned to our original career
as singers for the first time in 2 years.
We are Super Junior!
(Welcome!)
(Awkward)
Hee-chul, why are you being so modest?
(Looking shy and proper)
You feel awkward, right?
I felt more comfortable in that seat.
Can everyone pay attention?
Let me introduce myself.
I'm the leader of Super Junior.
I'm also the leader of "Attention-Seeker
Association."
I'm an attention-seeker,
Lee Teuk.
"Attention-Seeker Association"?
I ask for your constant love and care!
OK, got it.
Can I also get a camera designated
for myself?
You need your own camera?
Next!
I'll introduce myself.
I'm in charge of being the handsome and
self-radiant one.
I'm Eun-hyuk, the Dancing Machine.
Do it again.
Sorry about that.
I'm Eun-hyuk, the anchovy-looking member.
Hey, do it better!
The anchovy...
- Are you nervous?
- No I'm not.
- He is!
- But Eun-hyuk...
You said earlier that you're
"self-radiant."
And an anchovy is also shiny, it's
silver all around!
- Both descriptions are fit you well.
- Thanks.
He's helping me with my introduction.
If Kyung-hoon's the one who's helping you,
your comments must be that frustrating.
(You think so?)
If you're "the Dancing Machine," you should
show us your dance without any music!
Show us! Don't leave us in suspense!
(Dance time for the handsome and
self-radiant one)
They like big moves, do "the rainbow."
I know the type of dance moves
Ho-dong likes.
You saw the episode with Yun-ho?
You have to do some pop-locking.
Pop-locking works the best here, like
Kim Jung-Nam from Turbo.
(With lots of force)
(A clean finish)
(He likes it!)
I know Ho-dong likes this style of dance.
Isn't that cool?
I changed my dance style especially
for him.
I'm in charge of being "Dong-hae" in
Super Junior, I'm Dong-hae.
If you're charge of Dong-hae [east sea],
who's in charge of other seas?
(Appalled at his bad joke)
My dermatologist asked me to tell you
that you still owe him money for treatment.
(Is this for real?)
Tell him I'll send payment over
by this week.
Why are you mentioning that here?
You see a dermatologist?
Why are you blushing?
You should pay your doctors!
I do!
What happens if you don't get professional
care for your skin?
My face gets totally messed up.
I'm shocked that he goes to a
dermatologist.
- Tell him by this week.
- OK, he asked me to tell you.
When we were new, Dong-hae went on
a TV show called "Love Letter."
He told me after that he was cracking jokes
on Ho-dong, but Ho-dong didn't respond.
In the end, Ho-dong just said, "It was fun
today," then left.
(I did?)
I told myself that I'd never go on
a funny TV show since then.
(Determined)
Ho-dong destroyed many people.
So Ho-dong just ignored you the whole time.
He didn't even respond.
Oh, did I, really?
I went on that show too, in 2005.
- What happened then?
- He ignored me too.
I know how you feel, Dong-hae.
Dong-hae, you really shouldn't
be like that.
I thought we had a heart-to-heart
friendship.
But he's got a very small heart.
We're "Ho-Dong-hae"!
Actually...
I'm really thankful for Ho-dong
for one thing.
You don't have to mention it.
I was on "Star King" for the first time
in 6 years.
And as he was taking off his microphone
after the show,
he said, "Good job today," and left.
I was really touched by it.
By what he said?
I was complimented for the first time
in 6 years.
6 years?
It took too long.
I go on funny TV shows once
every 6 years.
And this is my first TV show appearance
in 6 years since then.
(His 3rd TV appearance is with
Ho-dong again)
(We'll get to see Dong-hae on TV show
after 6 years from today)
Dong-hae didn't know this because
he was too young then,
but you should've paid him 30,000 dollars
when you met Ho-dong first.
(A deposit to make others funny on TV)
It took Ho-dong 6 years to be nice to you
because you didn't give him any money.
I take bribes now.
(Playing it off)
I was so thankful that you told me that.
So we'll see you in 2023?
I plan to go on "Let's Eat
Dinner Together" in 6 years.
I'll hold on to the show until then.
You did a great job with your
introduction!
(Pulling something out)
I'll give you another 30,000 dollars later.
You know him very well, right?
He came from North Korea.
(Looking similar)
Let's give him an applause first.
(A North-Korean style welcome)
Why do I have to do this?
I'm in charge of being "Kang Ho-dong"
of Super Junior.
I'm the knock-off Ho-dong,
Shin Dong!
(A memorable self-introduction)
If Kang Ho-dong's too expensive,
come find me, "Shin Ho-dong."
(That's good!)
(Finally, Ye-sung's turn is next)
Brighten your face!
We're here because of you!
(Already nervous)
He's from Cheonan, born on August
24, 1983.
It's 1984.
Yes!
And his real name is Kim Jong-un.
Introduce yourself.
Your brother's name is Kim Jong-Jin.
(Showing off)
He looked you up already.
The artistic vocal cords, Ye-sung!
My brother and my baby!
(Feeling pressured)
He looked this up 10 minutes before
he came in here.
No, I knew that already.
It's nice to meet you, I was born in 1984.
My real name is Kim Jong-un.
I'm the lead vocalist in the team.
I think I'm in charge of being the
good-looking one, too.
I think he's got an indigestion problem.
(Looking pale)
It's true, he looks so pale!
What are you in charge of? Being
the good-looking one?
Being good-looking.
I thought he said he was in charge of
taking notes. [pun]
I thought his job was to take notes.
(While all the members are laughing
at Jang-hoon's misunderstanding)
(Ye-sung's serious on his own)
I had no idea I'd come on this show.
I'd avoid going through Cheon-ho-dong
because it sounds like Ho-dong.
I'd get scared.
Cheon-ho-dong? Why?
Isn't that too much?
How about Geum-ho-dong?
(Taken aback at his sudden question)
That can be dangerous too.
I'd like to get over my bad memory
of Ho-dong from the past.
I came on the show to make peace.
Hope you treat me nicely.
What really happened between you two?
What really happened? We're so curious.
They're making it seem like something
happened between us.
They're getting everyone's attention
their way.
How clever!
That's how you work TV shows.
(Appreciated)
You're really my baby.
(Mood gets warmer all of a sudden)
I went to your coffee shop in Yeouido often.
Your mother didn't say anything?
It's been 5 years since we moved
to a different part of town.
(You moved 5 years ago?)
(Feeling sad)
(He's embarrassed himself)
It's just over that bridge, right?
Ye-sung, we're seeing a bad example
of looking up stuff on the Internet.
(Got nothing to say)
You should've checked the dates too.
(He wasn't thorough enough)
He doesn't know a whole lot.
Their album did come out, but Super Junior
is not here just to promote their album.
They came with a sincere heart.
- Super Junior doesn't need PR.
- They would've dressed in black suits.
(Everyone's amazed)
(You know my heart, right?)
He means to count money.
30,000 dollars!
His real name is Kang Si-hoo,
make sure you transfer it right.
(Make your deposit without a mistake)
Account holder: Kang Si-hoo.
Don't talk about my son! You're using
my son's name to be funny?
He'd like it.
He would, actually, though he doesn't
know what it means.
His wife takes care of money
in the household.
Shin Dong has a way of telling the future.
He said Yeong-cheol will go overseas
and it came true!
It came true exactly as Shin Dong said it.
(Yeong-cheol really got to go to Germany
after Shin Dong's prophecy)
- I got to go to Germany.
- You really want to work overseas?
I'd like to, I have my profile ready.
Before you do that...
You need to pay the dermatologist first.
(So funny!)
I'll take care of it!
If someone provided service...
What did he tell you?
Dong-hae made people laugh twice
in the opening, he's looking better.
(Looking bright)
Why did you pick me as a target?
Teuk, you seem a little darker, actually.
It's because he's not getting enough
attention from people.
What can we do for you?
Just keep talking to me.
A leader should be reserved.
This isn't what I had in mind.
Can we start over? From the beginning?
I think we started on the wrong foot.
No, Dong-hae already made everyone
laugh twice.
(That's right!)
(You're the best, Soo-geun!)
Dong-hae's definitely feeling satisfied.
I think I did enough for the first half.
You definitely did.
Ye-sung, act a little more upset.
A little more.
A little more scared.
(Ah... Sure...)
- Let's not get caught that we're close!
- Sorry?
Don't show that we're actually
close friends.
Anyone can tell you're not close!
Can I go to the bathroom now?
Can't you tell it's not the time for it?
(Ah...)
The mood came your way, just
leak it little by little.
(Little by little...)
But Hee-chul, are you just gonna
stand there the whole time?
No, we have to choose our partners.
(Choosing Super Junior's partners)
You already wrote down whom you'd
like to sit next to.
Not much to look at, 90% of you
wrote Yeong-cheol.
Wow, really? To be my partner?
Lee Teuk: Kim Yeong-cheol.
So I can look better in comparison.
Shin Dong: Kim Yeong-cheol.
He got to go overseas because of me.
Eun-hyuk also picked Yeong-cheol.
Why me?
So I can seem funnier in comparison.
Everyone's trying to use me!
Dong-hae's more realistic, he put
Seo Jang-hoon.
"Because he seems to be the most
popular one these days."
(Dong-hae knows what's up)
Hee-chul wrote something deep
from his heart.
He put Kim Yeong-cheol with all sincerity.
"I'm originally a student here, so my part
will be skipped over mostly today."
"But other members shouldn't
have to suffer."
(Sacrificing so other Super Junior
members can have more parts)
Most of what I say do get aired these days.
Ye-sung wrote something vague, hard
to tell whom he means.
Ye-sung said, "Anyone but Ho-dong."
He's good at this.
It looks like he means it, right?
Too many people want Yeong-cheol.
Dong-hae's partner is set.
(Jang-hoon and Dong-hae are
partners today!)
Dong-hae's already set, so make a poem
with my name.
(Yeong-cheol's mission for them:
Make a poem with his name)
Shin Dong first.
"Kim"!
Don't say things that are so flat. [pun]
Shin Dong first.
"Kim"!
Don't say things that are so flat. [pun]
"Yeong"!
Nothing lasts forever. [pun]
"Cheol"!
You're so immature. [pun]
(An unexpected twist)
Not bad, right?
(Definitely to their liking)
Ye-sung needs to do it too.
He said "anyone but Ho-dong."
Make a poem with Kang Ho-dong's name.
Too much pressure.
He was thinking of Kim Yeong-cheol
this whole time!
(Confused)
"Kang"!
A strong man. [pun]
"Ho"!
Ho-dong has...
"Dong"!
No sympathy. [pun]
(What are you saying?)
(A realistic poem without being funny)
That was too serious!
Should I do it again?
It was from his heart though.
Yeong-cheol, did you pick one?
"Immature"! Shin Dong!
(Shin Dong and Yeong-cheol are partners!)
(The remaining members need to pick
new partners)
Then for me...
I'll sit next to Sang-min.
I gotta go with the current flow,
he's popular these days.
He's only popular in the other show,
not much going on here.
I came in high expectations, but he's
not talking much today.
I talked a lot today.
He talks to himself all the time here.
(Lee Teuk and Sang-min are partners!)
I pick Kyung-hoon.
(Eun-hyuk and Kyung-hoon are partners!)
You know what Ye-sung just told me?
"Please let me live, don't send me
to Ho-dong!"
(Only Ho-dong and Soo-geun remain)
How about you, Hee-chul?
I have to grant Ye-sung his wish.
Ye-sung will sit here.
(Welcome to Ho-dong!)
My baby, come here!
(Come on)
(Treating him like a real baby)
Hold on.
Your bone is shaped funny.
It poked my thigh.
I apologize.
(Apologizes right away)
(Serious)
(Ye-sung still feels so far from Ho-dong)
Who goes up first for the quiz?
Eun-hyuk starts it off!
I feel pressured that I keep going
up first.
They said his questions are funny.
(Hm?)
(Countdown to make us laugh!)
(Guess who I am Quiz)
The first question! Hot off the stove!
Really hot off the stove!
(He definitely feels pressured)
I went over to Dong-hae's house
last week.
And I was really shocked by something.
What do you think happened?
He had a woman hiding in his house.
(Of course it's wrong)
You went to his house, and he was asleep.
But he was sleeping naked!
And you saw that he was so "healthy,"
you were shocked.
Why should I be shocked that he's healthy?
You would be!
You think he knows the password
to my door lock?
(First time knowing how healthy he is
in 12 years)
He's not that healthy.
(Really?)
I got it!
You went to his house, and the door opened
before you were about to open it.
Then a woman walked out saying, "I'll
take out the trash, Dong-hae!"
(A mysterious woman in his house)
Then she took out the trash.
Eun-hyuk saw her, then said
"Honey, what are you doing here?"
You guys are crazy!
Then she got in Shin Dong's car
and left.
(Feeling proud for some reason)
(Hee-chul's coming back to life)
First of all, it's not about women.
Is it about men?
You went to Dong-hae's house, and saw
a guy.
"Oppa!"
I got it!
You went to his house, and on his bed,
there was Shin Dong in bed with Dong-hae.
I didn't say anything!
You went to his house and saw that his
house was near the west sea, not the east.
(Too much!)
I want a new partner!
No, this is where you should be.
(Regretful)
Hint!
He told me to do something.
And I was shocked to hear it.
I know your feet smell, so...
(What are you talking about?)
He told you to wash your feet before.
No, no.
It's not about that.
What was that wrong answer for?
I got it!
You went to Dong-hae's house.
And you had to go to the bathroom.
You had to go, and he stopped you before
you went to the bathroom.
Then he said, "You have to get naked
before using the bathroom here."
So yo had to take off all your clothes
before you went.
It was similar!
(Jang-hoon and Ho-dong both
want to answer)
Go ahead.
(Everyone's got a feel for it)
They say your habits from when you were
little last you your life time.
Dong-hae didn't have any toilet paper.
I saw this from before.
So Eun-hyuk grabbed him a toilet paper.
And saw that Dong-hae wasn't
sitting on the toilet seat.
But he had climbed on the toilet bowl.
This is how he was going.
Some people do that!
(Another new habit discovered)
(That's not it)
That's not it, but...
(Ye-sung wants to answer)
Ye-sung!
You wanted to pee.
But he told you to pee sitting down.
Correct!
(Good job, my baby!)
Nice seat, right?
Why go sitting down?
I really had to go pee, so I was
walking into the bathroom.
He said, "Hold on," and stopped me.
He asked me if I was going to pee.
I said yes, and he said, "Pee
sitting down."
(Can't understand)
I thought he was joking.
"Stop messing around, I have to go."
But he told me again, so seriously
that I need to pee sitting down.
- I go sitting down too.
- Me too.
Don't a lot of people do that?
(Debate over urinating position)
I afraid that it'll splash out. I go
like that too.
I personally give much respect
for Dong-hae's preference.
I go that way when I visit
someone else's house too.
I don't want to make it dirty.
It splashes.
I think it's a matter of control, no?
(No, it's not that)
If you aim well to the side...
Even if you do that, it splashes
everywhere, unseen in our eyes.
I heard it splashes over 2 meters!
(The standing-up group is losing ground)
You can just clean the bathroom.
You can aim to the angled side.
It's just like when you open a beer can,
so it doesn't splash.
It splashes no matter what you do.
(Noisy)
Anyone else who goes sitting down?
(Hee-chul, Sang-min, and Lee Teuk)
It's more sanitary.
I go sitting down, and make sure I put
the lid down when I flush.
That, I agree.
I heard all the germs splash out
when you flush.
It's the same as when you pee.
The lid should be down.
Should I pee with the lid closed then?
Yes, with the lid closed... What?
We've been talking for 30 minutes
over how to pee.
Next question!
Come to think of it, since I debuted,
I heard this phrase the most.
What do you think it is?
"Eun-hyuk, I'm just gonna go home and
sleep tonight."
(That's not it!)
"I have a curfew!"
He's in our team, why's he being that way?
Oh yeah, we need to promote our new album.
"Oppa..."
It doesn't start with "Oppa,"
it's not that.
"Why are you so skinny?"
No.
"Doesn't it smell like anchovy somewhere?"
"Do you smell something burning?"
"Anchovies burning."
I got it.
"Why are you so ugly?"
(Appalled)
Why are you so ugly?
Ye-sung's good-looking though.
Is it something the fans say?
Is it about your looks?
(I'm getting it!)
"Eun-hyuk, I think you're great
in every way."
"But why is your mouth so close
to your nose?"
(Won't show it)
"You went through cosmetic surgery
but you still look like that?"
I didn't have surgery!
"Have you thought about getting
plastic surgery?"
(These people...)
I thought about it, but the management
told me not to.
They said it'll be a huge procedure.
- Is it a good thing? Or a bad thing?
- Yes, give us a hint!
It's not a good thing.
When I hear this, it makes me feel
like I have to work a lot harder.
I got it!
Can I get it right?
I don't think you know it.
(What people say to Eun-hyuk)
"Lee Teuk, get ready!"
Correct!
"Lee Teuk! Hello!"
"Lee Teuk, we love seeing you on TV."
(People get confused)
I heard it so much!
But you guys don't look alike.
His body shape is Lee-Teuk-ish.
(Is it?)
I think the sound of "Lee Teuk" just
stands out more.
It's harder to remember "Eun-hyuk"
compared to "Lee Teuk."
It sounds like one full name,
"Lee-Teuk-Eun-Hyuk."
(The two can't be separated)
Yeah, your face isn't so impressionable.
(Speechless)
Eun-hyuk was voted to be the worst-looking
one on "Strong Heart."
So appalling, right?
Why's that appalling?
How do you think you rank in this room
for looks?
Among us in here?
How many people do you think you can
beat in looks?
Tell us the number.
I think at least 3 under me.
Tell us who the three are!
Who's the first one?
Do you think they're the same three
we have in mind?
We have "the Big Three" of the show here.
(The Absolute Big Three)
And the last two always fight at the end.
(Guilty)
I always won, among the two!
I think Shin Dong, Yeong-cheol,
and Jang-hoon.
(Me?)
Two from this show, and one from
Super Junior.
Yeong-cheol and Jang-hoon!
It might not be me this time!
Maybe not me this time either.
(How dare you say that!)
Tell us who!
(Decisively Yeong-cheol)
Why am I always last in these things?
Who's the one from Super Junior?
Shin Dong? Lee Teuk?
Ye-sung always covers half of his face.
(Tries to smile)
Show us your forehead if you're confident.
(Is it really Lee Teuk?"
(Heart thumping)
It's Ye-sung!
(Do not agree)
So Ye-sung and I are about the same?
No, you're not.
Draw the person, and we'll guess.
It's Jang-hoon.
That's enough, we got it!
Draw more!
(We got it!)
(It's gotta be Ho-dong)
(Jang-hoon wins again today,
the battle of the Big Three)
I've never seen anyone taller than
the crane.
You lose to me every time!
Even I can tell who that is.
We can imagine your eyes, nose, and mouth
on that face.
(Right here!)
You make a good pair.
(The worst-looking pair, determined
by Eun-hyuk)
The ugly ones are sitting together!
(Hee-chul is up next!)
We have to take his quiz too?
I know, right?
I feel so awkward walking up there.
It's a rare scene to see!
(Hee-chul's Guess Who I Am Quiz)
Is there something we don't know
about him?
(The first question)
I'm famous for being fearless.
I don't get scared easily.
But though I'm so daring, there's a time
I have a hard time and get insecure.
When do you think that is?
When Ho-dong stares you down
when you say something?
(Not at all!)
I just spit out ink like an octopus
if he does that.
Ow, my eyes!
(I got hit again today)
(Lee Teuk still isn't used to this vibe)
I think this is the correct answer.
A group-group came on the show
as guests.
But in that one group...
There were 2 members you dated before.
(Bingo!)
(We'll just make this the correct answer)
(The biggest crisis of Hee-chul)
That's not it?
Why are your ears so red?
(Burning up)
(A time of celebration for the brothers)
We'll just call it the correct answer
and finish here.
(No more questions)
(Revenge!)
I think it might be this.
A group-group came on the show,
and one of them was someone you asked out
but got rejected.
I've never been rejected.
(Upsetting)
Oh, a boy-group came on...
Go on, "A boy-group came on the show..."
(Didn't hear him)
So it wasn't a girl-group, but a boy-group
had 2 members you dated before.
(I'm ruined!)
He must be the one that started
the rumor!
How can you do that?
You're the one who started the rumor?
It was a love-triangle!
(Not boy-group)
(Got the attention he wanted)
Is it today? When members of your own
team come on the show.
No, it's not like that.
What you always thought as a rumor...
The rumor that Ho-dong beats people
up after shooting...
You saw it in real life.
That did get me scared the first time
I saw it happen.
(Not so pleased)
If you're gonna say that, it needs to be
really funny.
(I apologize)
It needs to get bigger laugh than that.
Remember when Kang Kyun-sung had
long hair, then cut it short?
It's because Ho-dong grabbed and pulled
his hair, and he lost a lot of hair.
That's why he cut it.
Yeah, I grabbed and pulled his hair.
I just plucked them out.
Ye-sung's getting scared.
Just what role are you playing here,
Ye-sung?
(Not so comfortable)
I think he's playing the role of
being a victim today, like a hostage.
(All he did was to go on Star King before)
(I'm happy!)
It's not during shooting that I feel
scared or insecure.
(Not during shooting the show?)
Must be in the waiting room!
That's a good direction to take.
The waiting room!
Got it! When Yeong-cheol tries to
talk to you in the morning.
Why can't I talk to him?
When he just talks about himself
when no one asked him!
He doesn't respond when I talk to him
anyways.
So he comes to my waiting room.
Yeah, I go over to Kyung-hoon's waiting
room instead.
Got it! Ho-dong...
"Hee-chul, what do you want to eat?
A bowl of cold noodles?"
When Ho-dong asks you to eat with him,
when you don't want to.
That might actually be better.
He keeps ordering food right before
you guys are about to shoot.
It's a bit similar but...
Because you keep pestering
your stylists in the waiting room...
I secretly filmed you being mean to them.
And you're scared that I might release it.
I was expecting him to say something
like that, I actually secretly filmed him.
I'll put it on my social media.
I clearly apologized.
(I shouldn't have tried)
I won't discuss this any further.
I know!
I know this because I used to share
a waiting room with Ho-dong for years.
He keeps telling me to turn off the light.
He says he can't sleep if people
keep walking in and out.
It's really similar!
So I have to lie down too, though
I don't want to sleep.
We lied down together?
No, no.
Then staff comes in, but they're too scared
to open the door.
They knock and look, and I tell them,
"Come in, quietly."
"We have to start shooting..."
"Let me sleep a little more!"
If you're gonna say that, it needs to
be funny.
But Teuk can't lie and it's really similar.
I got it!
You have to go into shoot soon.
- Right?
- Yeah.
But you have to go somewhere after
this shoot.
Wrong, close your mouth.
(Yup)
It's his first time talking!
The staff needs to tell Ho-dong that
they have to start shooting.
But they ask you to tell him instead.
Really similar, mix it with what
Teuk said.
Got it!
You have to go into shoot, and you have
to wake up Ho-dong!
Correct!
(Appalled)
(Is Hee-chul making up stuff?)
It's only our room that someone
can sleep in.
I'm so baffled by this charge.
There's a couch in the waiting room.
And he'd sleep like this.
You're the witness for this.
Have you ever seen me sleep, ever?
I don't sleep!
(What are you talking about?)
(OK, fine)
(Gave his testimony with his eyes)
He'd sleep like this on the couch.
So when it's time to go into shoot,
the staff would come and tell us.
But if they feel like Ho-dong heard them
but he's still not getting up,
they get too scared to tell him again.
Then they come and ask me to wake him up.
So I go and say, "Ho-dong, we have to
start shooting."
"We'll start in 5 minutes."
"OK, got it."
Then the last resort for the staff
if they have to start shooting is...
Right? They start yelling at
me and Yeong-cheol.
"We gotta start shooting, what are you
doing, Yeong-cheol?"
"Hee-chul, I told you to hurry!"
All I remember is that someone's always
yelling at me.
We didn't do anything wrong!
(Mistake to share a waiting room
with Ho-dong)
Yeong-cheol's done getting dressed,
he's got his microphone on already.
"Why aren't you still ready?"
"I did, I'm going now!"
- "Why aren't you dressed?"
- "I am."
You're so good at being funny on TV!
(All his frustration comes out)
Was he always this good?
Why does it feel like Ye-sung
keeps getting shorter?
I was afraid Ho-dong's face won't
be shown in camera.
(Having fun watching him)
(Stiff)
You're slouching like that for me?
To make sure the camera gets my face?
(How Ye-sung changed his position)
Thanks, you're bringing tears to my eyes.
(The guest is making sure MC is getting
exposure)
Can't you just take Ho-dong out then?
The important ones are Jang-hoon and
Sang-min anyways.
You can't shoot if Ho-dong's not here?
He won't come on TV for another
6 years, it's OK.
I'm done after today!
Ye-sung, that was clever.
Was it OK?
That was good.
On to the next question.
I have trouble dating for a long time,
unlike how I seem.
That's true.
"Unlike how you seem"?
- I always get dumped.
- You make it that way.
(A straight-forward response from a member)
(Must persevere)
He's very clever.
He knows what he's doing, right?
He just makes the girl not
like him anymore.
He makes the girl break up with him
so he can feel better about himself.
OK, my questions end here.
I make it clear when I like someone,
and my confessions of love never failed.
How do you think I confess my love to
someone, to succeed 100%?
Got it.
You don't clearly ask her to start
dating you.
You make it confusing for the girl to
see if you're dating or not.
- You just keep going on dates.
- Makes the girl confused.
Is that right?
You make the girl ask, "Are we
dating each other or not?"
You never bring it up until the girl first
asks, "What are we doing?"
That's just a very bad person.
You think I'm a bad person?
100%? I got it.
(Lee Teuk and Eun-hyuk at the same time)
Oh, I thought both of you are Lee Teuk.
OK, the little Lee Teuk.
With the guy...
With the guy?
(Punished more severely
for teasing him earlier)
Got it.
You're known to be the man of stamina
on this show.
You show the girl your stamina.
(How do you do that?)
Like doing pull-ups all of a sudden.
You start to exercise in front of her.
You make a lot of TV appearances.
So you'd tell the girl, "I'm gonna be on TV
today, make sure you watch it."
Then you confess your love for her
on TV through a certain sign.
The girl sees on TV that you're confessing
your love for her.
Isn't that what you do?
I noticed that you kept doing weird
things on TV.
He keeps standing like this.
(Taken aback)
(He wants to reach his love
beyond the screen)
You like someone who's a ski jumper?
(Never thought the story would go this way)
I know Hee-chul very well, and he's
good at touching someone.
(Me?)
He told me these things many times.
So he kisses the girl first.
"Will you date me now?"
No, he first kisses her says, "That was to
tell you that I have feelings for you."
Then he kisses her again and says,
"That was my propose."
That's it!
Wrong!
Please think about my public image.
Your public image?
You'd tell the girl to wait for you
for a moment,
then you go to a convenience store
and  buy her a pack of cigarettes
to confess your love.
"Wanna make donuts together?"
"If you smoke this, it means
we're dating now."
Feels similar, but not it.
This phrase works every time.
- It's a phrase?
- Yes, a phrase.
You might find something like this in
a romantic comic book.
Something weird like, "I want your lips."
(What was that?)
They say that in manga books.
It should be something strong.
"I'm gonna date you whether you like it
or not."
(Wrong, but close)
Or, "This is what I want!"
You're just talking like a manga character.
Was that Doraemon?
Got it!
I'll think that we're dating
starting today.
If you don't like it, then don't pick up
my calls anymore, it's your choice.
It's very similar!
(Similar?)
I'm gonna start dating you now.
Since it's our first day dating,
I'm gonna kiss you now.
(He keeps doing that!)
"If you want to date me too, kiss me back."
"If you don't want to, just
close your mouth."
Close your mouth for a second.
(Tried too hard for a second)
I know you're trying, but calm down
a little bit.
This seat makes me feel that way.
Got it!
"It's our first day as a couple today."
"Since we're dating, call me "Unnie" from
now on, like 'big sister.'"
(Hee-chul Unnie!)
(Changing gender as soon as he
starts to date)
"You're the 'oppa' from now on,
and I'm the 'unnie.'"
You're crazy!
"I'm your sister!"
So you're with the girl.
"I'm gonna hold your hand. Let go
of it if you don't like it."
It's so similar!
It's not the hand.
"I'll hold your foot, take your foot
out if you don't like it!"
Wait, Ho-dong just stared down Ye-sung.
Say what you want.
That was funny.
- Got it!
- Yes, Jang-hoon.
"I'm gonna kiss you now, you can dodge
if you don't want to."
Oh that's terrible!
That's correct!
He's so weird!
(Dodge if you don't want to)
How can you say that?
"Let's date each other. I'll keep
my eyes closed, kiss me if you want to."
Oh, your eyes will be closed.
"If you don't like me, you can
just leave."
And they all kissed you?
Yeah.
It's because that's you, if it were someone
else, they'll spit on his face!
He's really manly, he'll tell us that he's
going to ask someone out that day.
He'd say, "I'll call you if it works out."
He just goes for it.
I'll call her and she'll pick up,
"What's up?"
"I'm on my way to confess my love for you,
come out."
It's not that he's scared of rejection, but
he's confident not to get rejected.
He's so confident that he does
whatever he wants.
If I said, "Wait for me, I'm on my way
to ask you out,"
"You're nuts!"
(We can see how this will play out)
That was my last question.
(Lee Teuk's "Guess Who I Am" quiz)
A lot of people call Lee Teuk "Eun-hyuk,"
too.
They call you "Eun-hyuk"?
No.
We went to Fashion Week together
recently.
Someone put, "He's looking charming today,
Eun-hyuk" when Teuk came on.
(I don't hear anything)
OK, here's my quiz.
So mean!
Something happened recently that I felt
that I'm getting older.
Guess what happened to make me
feel that way.
When you found yourself scratching
your toes at home without realizing it.
Then you smelled your fingers!
Unintentionally,
you found yourself humming an old trot
song you heard somewhere repeatedly.
No.
You like trot songs now.
You start to refer to yourself as
ahjuhsee [old man]" instead of "oppa."
No, it's not like that.
I feel that way from time to time,
it makes me sad.
After I eat a meal, I was able to get up
easily from my chair before.
But I make sounds these days.
"Ow, ow..."
(Older men make weird noises
wherever they are)
You start talking and singing to yourself
for no reason.
(The correct answer already?)
You talk to yourself and sing to yourself?
Eun-hyuk is right!
It's when I talk with melody.
Men who are at my dad's age do that.
I live alone with my dog, and after
a certain point,
I'll say things to myself with melody.
"I open the door, feed my dog,
and take a shower."
(No way!)
(Feels like he's making this up)
(I'm being honest!)
That's enough!
(Everyone's criticizing that he's
making this up)
To make an honest confession...
I do that sometimes too.
Me too, I hum to myself when I'm
in the shower.
"The water is hot!"
- But it's always the same melody!
- Yeah, same all the time.
"I'll get a drink of water."
My dad would go,
"I'm done eating now so..."
"I need to give medicine for my crop
in the field..."
"Soo-geun, if you're not going to school,
can you..."
"Help your dad?"
(That can't be true)
(Everyone feels that he made it up)
(Embarrassed)
Why would he go into R&B all of a sudden?
It seems unreal, but it really happens.
Like a trot song or choir music.
I'd MC when I'm alone too.
When I get home after work...
You won't believe this, but I keep going...
"I'm gonna go and open the door now."
(Frustrated)
I think he might do that
in real life.
Ho-dong! You gave birth to
a monster!
You raised him to be like that!
It's so frustrating that you don't
believe me.
I'm constantly talking to myself alone
at home.
(Hope it's good)
"I'm gonna take off my shoes."
"Then I put my bag down."
"Now, it's time for food!"
(I guess we'll never know the truth)
So I prepared a quiz, mixing how I like to
MC all the time and this old-man feel.
It goes like this.
(Practice question)
Korea!
Correct!
It'll go like this?
- OK, give us the real question.
- Something hard for the first one.
Correct!
It's the same as the other song!
It's slightly different.
(How's that any different?)
I think just your facial expression
was different.
No, the rhythm's different.
Next question.
Got it! "Sorry Sorry!"
Correct!
(Objection!)
(It sounds like another song!)
It's different.
(Still confusing)
The MC has to be good for this one.
It's funny that he's giving examples.
Next question!
Write the answer first.
We really can't trust each other that much?
We're so mean to each other, we're
just trying to have some fun.
But the game's not specific enough.
OK, I wrote the answer down.
Got it!
You're right!
This was "the old man's beat game."
(Thank you, I'm your MC, Lee Teuk!)
(Ye-sung's quiz)
For the first time on TV for me...
Sorry, but can you actually make
eye contact with us?
Where are you looking?
Who are you looking at?
I'll give you that question you've
all been waiting for.
Because of Ho-dong, I can't go to
Geum-ho-dong or Cheon-ho-dong.
I'm sure you all know that I get really
nervous on talk shows now.
What is it that Ho-dong said to me
for me to become this way?
Getting this nervous on TV shows?
Pandora's box is finally opening up!
(What happened between the two of them?)
Answer!
"I've never seen anyone
do worse than you!".
- That's bad.
- I would never be able to do a show then.
Yeong-cheol is talking from experience.
I got it. "I'd better not
see you around anymore".
- That's bad.
- It's similar.
It's similar to this?
Then, I wouldn't have come on this show.
To give you a hint, this
happened a while back.
- We were recording "Star King".
- They were recording.
We were in the studio and at that time,
there was over 20 quests on the panel.
It was when we all sat in rows oft
three, fans in the audience and...
all of the staff members were there.
That's where you were traumatized.
I got it!
- I'll pretend to be Ho-dong.
- Do what you want.
Let's say, you did something.
"What the hell are you doing?".
- "What the hell are you doing?".
- Nope.
I'm glad I'm wrong about my answer.
I was afraid that might be the answer.
I would've been shocked
if that was the answer.
If that was the case, I
would've peed in my pants.
You didn't pee in your pants?
I got it. You ambitiously shouted
a line on "Star King" but...
Ho-dong said, "You're a star?".
Well, that...
wasn't me, but Ryeowook.
- You said that to Ryeowook?
- I got it!
Wow, you're telling us he
said that to Ryeowook?
- "You're a star?"
Ho-dong thought you were a regular person.
- I got it.
- "Audience members aren't allowed up here.
Let's say a couple of Super
Junior members went on the show.
For example, Lee Teuk, Shindong and
Eun-hyuk and you were on the show.
Ho-dong said, "You try too".
He didn't know your name.
He called you Ryeowook.
Instead of calling you Ye-sung,
he called you Ye-seung.
He kept calling you Ye-seung.
- Ye-seung.
Daddy! I can't live without you.
- Daddy!
(He imitates Ha Jung-woo
and even Ryu Seung-ryong)
"You should concentrate on your singing
instead of doing variety shows".
He blatantly said that
on the show as a joke.
- That's supposed to be a joke?
- It doesn't seem funny.
- I got it.
- Answer.
You tried doing something and he said,
"Does this seem like a joke to you?".
Wow. That's taking it a bit too far.
(He begins to worry as the
misunderstanding grows)
That's going too far.
That makes it seem like he's some gangster.
(Getting mad)
The answer is something that would
come after what Hee-chul just said.
- I wonder what it is. - It would be hard
to say, even if you knew the answer.
I'm afraid it'll be more awkward
for you two after this question.
"Don't say that during the recording, go
home and say it. What the heck is this?".
- It's kind of similar.
- That sounds more like Kyung-kyu.
- "Go home!".
- His voice sounds like Kyung-kyu.
It's a mixture.
Ye-sung's voice tone doesn't go with
variety shows since it's a bit low.
"Yes, yes".
- That's the tone of your voice and...
- Can I throw this at him?
Your voice was depressing, so he
said, "What are you saying?".
You answered with your voice and he
asked again, "What are you saying?".
(Bang)
(Keeps at it)
(Let's see how far you want to take this)
You voice tone is...
(I told you to stop!)
He said something very standard.
- It's easier than you think.
- I got it! I got it!
Remember, I was much younger.
Back then, Ho-dong was worked
for a different agency than us.
So, when you tried answering a question...
"Why does the agency keep
sending this untalented kid?".
"I don't even like that agency company".
"I've never liked the chairman,
Lee Soo-man, in the first place".
"I don't know how that
company still exists".
"I wouldn't work for that company, even
if they gave me a million dollars".
(Hee-chul knows how to get to Ho-dong)
I got it. There was an opportunity for
Ye-sung to say a specific line but...
- you kept mumbling.
- Yes.
He said, "You shouldn't talk that way.
Talk properly, if you're going talk".
- "Yes, yes".
- (Getting mad)
This could make sense because if you
mumble something, I would say...
"That's great. Try not to come
on any more variety shows".
- That's probably what I did.
- Is that right?
No. I was actually very aggressive when I
was on the show and would yell, "I got it".
- "I got it".
- I got it!
Say, "I got it".
I got it!
"Stop trying to be a know-it-all".
(You should stop trying to
answer questions, Hee-chul)
That's too mean. It's
similar, but way too mean.
- It's similar?
- It is, but it's too mean.
- This isn't mean enough?
- He did yell, but...
"Hey!".
There's something more after that.
The tone is similar.
"Hey! Does your boss
live in Namchun-dong?".
What's with the act?
(They're busy showing off their
mimicking talents instead of the answer)
- I needed to show them.
- What are you guys doing?
I got it.
- I got it.
- He pulled your arm out.
(This is more of a horror show
instead of a variety show)
You lifted your arm and he pulled it out?
- He might have three or four arms at home.
- Those are his trophies.
"I told you to stay quiet!".
- "Be quiet and stay still!".
- "I told you stay quiet!".
- I got it.
- It's really simple.
- "Be quiet".
- You got it.
Shout, "I got it" for me.
- I got it!
- "Can't you be quiet?".
"Can't you be quiet?".
You criticized him! Shame on you!
(New Break: Kang Ho-dong will be
making an important statement soon)
I can't take that back.
I'm totally done for. I
can't make that funny.
My reputation is gone. No moving
story can change this.
Good-bye everyone.
It's been fun, hasn't it? I've
had fun being on television.
I can't save my reputation.
Good-bye everyone.
(He hides first)
I'll come visit some other time.
I'll be going.
(Please leave comfortably)
- Bye. - One person is finally
getting fired from the show.
Good-bye everyone! It's
been nice working with you.
Take good care of the
show and the other kids.
(Gets thrown out)
You need to leave your uniform here!
Does this mean Shindong will
be sitting there next week?
Shindong, you can take Ho-dong's chair.
You'll be called Shin Ho-dong.
(Very ill at ease)
- Do you think I'll be okay? - The real
question here is how will he return?
How will the grand prize-winner
for variety shows return?
- How will a national emcee return to the
show? - That's right, a national emcee.
Now, will everyone call out his name again?
- Is this "Love is in the Air"?
- Can we call him Ho-dong?
One, two...
- Three!
- Ho-dong!
(He sings his own background music)
- Let's call him again.
- Ho-dong!
- Let try again, but louder!
- Ye-sung needs to call him.
- Ho-dong!
Let try again, but louder!
- Ye-sung needs to call him.
- Ho-dong!
- Is he here?
- Hello.
Hello, my name is Ho-min.
(A new transfer student named Ho-min)
- Ho-dong!
- Hello.
Another transfer student is here.
Wow, that's funny.
(Ho-dong becomes Ho-min with just a mole)
It's nice to meet you.
Aren't you Dong-hae from Super Junior?
Where did Ho-dong go?
- I saw him running away crying.
- I see.
He seemed really upset.
I heard him saying he was
going to kill Ye-sung.
He really did say he was going to kill him.
He wasn't joking.
- Ye-sung should be careful.
- Yes.
My goodness. What are we going to do?
- He drew that mole on with a marker.
- Let's tread softly.
You guys know how Ho-dong is.
He probably said, "Can you be
quiet" very nicely, but since it was...
Ye-sung's first variety show,
he took it the wrong way.
He thought, "Did I do something wrong?".
Ye-sung is the type to over-think things.
I think it became even worse as time
passed by and he kept thinking about it.
- What was the situation? - It just
got worse. Am I that kind of person?
- You're not like that.
- I think time made it worse.
You imagined it that way and
now it's become a reality.
- It became his reality.
- Am I the only one who felt that way?
It's okay, Ye-sung. At
least he didn't hit you.
(New Break: Kang Ho-min will be
making an important statement soon)
It's been fun while it lasted. It's
been fun for the last two-years.
It's alright, I'm okay.
Lose weight and do better.
Be good as Shin Ho-dong.
- You can take my chair.
- This is pretty nice.
Thanks a lot. Thanks for biting
the hand that feeds you.
- Is he going to show up with two moles?
- Sorry guys.
- Take good care of the kids.
- You might need to color your whole face.
- You guys should visit the island I'm on.
- We will.
- See you later.
- Damn you!
(Hurry and get out of here)
Is he going to show up with another mole?
Don't you think he'll
show up without a mole?
We got him twice.
Alright, I'll see you later.
(Ho-dong is chased out again)
(Ho-dong has nowhere to go)
What am I going to do? I can't
put another mole on my face.
Do something for me, hurry.
Doesn't anyone have an idea or way?
Why did I leave in the first place?
I heard a new comedian will be
introduced to "Ask Us Anything".
- Really?
- Yeah, his name is Kang Goo.
Kang Goo! We have Sang-goo too.
I heard he beat out a lot of competitors.
Why is he so late?
- Kang Goo!
- Let's try calling him again.
Call Kang Goo really loud.
Now, one, two, three!
Kang Goo!
- Now, one, two, three!
- Kang Goo!
Kang Goo isn't here.
(Approves)
(Standing ovation)
Kang Goo is here!
He usually doesn't do this for everyone.
He must've been in a hurry
to do a comedy skit.
- It was funny.
- Come over here.
- All my respects to you.
- Thank you.
- Is that cotton?
- No, it's toothpaste. It's stinging me.
- I thought it was cotton.
- Hurry, it hurts.
(Everyone is impressed with
Ho-dong's toothpaste make up)
He might have told me to stay quiet, but
I did a lot of shows after with Ho-dong.
To be honest, after that happened...
he said, "The reason I got mad is for
you to be more aggressive on shows".
He knew how hard it was for me to be
on variety shows with my team members.
I really like him since he's
given me a lot of good advice.
(Even if you...)
(regret it now...)
Wait a second!
(It's of no use now)
Sang-min!
Don't you remember Ye-sung?
- Me?
- Yeah.
Haven't you seen Ye-sung before?
Where?
When did I see him?
- A long time ago.
- A show called "Cart Bar".
I went on the show as a
guest, don't you remember?
- "Cart Bar"?
- Please say he was mean too.
(Please say he was mean too)
I was a guest on their first
episode with Sang-min...
The hosts were Sang-min and Kim Gura.
Kim Tae-won was on the show as well.
- Tae-won was a guest as well.
- Please, please.
Sang-min came a bit late
since he was really busy.
Jung-hwan kept joking around with
me and when I saw Sang-min...
I got up really quickly and yelled, "Why
are you here now? Aren't you too late?".
As soon as he came in...
he said, "Who the heck is he?".
"Who the heck is he?".
That's rude.
(News Break: Lee Sang-min will be
making an important announcement)
(The giant doorman is quite busy today)
(He gets a marker ready for make up)
(Thank you for all your work, Lee Sang-min.
From the staff at "Ask Us Anything".
Super Junior was hot back then too.
"Who the heck is he?".
Ho-dong's words are
nothing compared to this.
I think your brand will be damaged by this.
This isn't good news for him.
I really don't remember.
I'll only see you on "My Ugly Duckling".
Get out!
How many people is Ye-sung
going to put out of business?
- "Who the heck is this?".
- We need to be nice to Ye-sung.
- Yeong-cheol.
- Yeah?
Don't you remember?
Is this the last episode
of "Ask Us Anything?".
Do we all need to get out?
(The last episode of "Ask Us Anything")
Wait a second, I've never
seen Ye-sung before.
- He's never seen you before?
- Just get out. - Get out!
- Do I have to leave?
- No, I was just joking.
- He was joking.
- A round of applause.
I heard a new singer is going
to be on "Ask Us Anything".
- I heard their group name was Rola.
- What is it? - Rola.
- Rola?
- Was the group scared?
- Now, the new singer, Rola!
- Rola!
Come on out!
(It wasn't Rola, but Park Sang-min?)
(Singing as hard as he can)
I saw Lee Sang-min leaving,
but he was crying.
Why was Sang-min crying?
I really don't remember.
- I really did that?
- It was 10-years ago.
- It's been 10-years already?
- That's when you were ruthless.
I'll start my questions.
If I see this one thing, I'm willing to
give the other person everything I possess.
I'm sure I know this. Answer!
Your girlfriend's love.
"Dong-hae, I love you".
No, it's not a saying.
- Your friend.
- Friendship.
Kiss.
- It's similar.
- Belief, hope, love.
I'll say...
when you see eye-to-eye...
you'll give everything up.
- When you see eye-to-eye?
- Yes, when you fall in love.
Will you do something about that mole?
Your charisma goes out
the door with that mole.
- I got it!
- I'd give everything if I fell in love.
Give us a hint.
You're willing to give everything
when you see someone crying.
Some people lie when they're crying though.
It's something similar to that.
- When they smile with their eyes, you...
- That's you.
I'm wrong, aren't I?
Will being on "Ask Us Anything" be
of any help for our album promotion?
A meaningful kiss!
What if a guy is asking him something?
You're willing to give them everything,
if you think the kiss was meaningful.
- It's wrong, but the meaningful
part is right. - Really?
A meaningful look!
- Is that right?
- You'd know if it was meaningful?
- You're right!
- How would you know that?
- How can you tell a look is meaningful?
- What's that?
My life motto is to not
ignore people in need.
I'm not the type to only
look out for myself.
That's my motto. An
incident happened when...
a junior high school friend of
mine, was in really bad place.
He was going through a rough time.
He said, "I'm going to start a store...
but could you just help
me, this one time?".
The amount of help he was asking
was a bit too much for me.
Suddenly, my friend...
began thinking and looked at me...
and said, "Just once".
As soon as he did that...
I couldn't stop myself from helping him.
- You did? What happened?
- They're in a lawsuit right now.
He's suing his friend?
That was great timing.
(His timing is good enough
for a standing ovation)
Everyone should worship Ye-sung.
- Good job.
- That was a good one.
You finally made people
laugh, it only took 13 years.
- Finally!
- Yes, after 13 years!
See? Ho-dong isn't telling you
to keep quiet any longer.
- It took him less than a second.
- Look over there, Ye-sung.
- Go over there for your ceremony.
- Yes, do a ceremony.
(He dances what Ho-dong likes seeing)
Are you impersonating Ho-dong?
Ye-sung doesn't stand for great vocal
chords, but a holy man of variety shows.
A holy man of variety shows?
He rose to fame by dissing
all of his colleagues.
Did you get your money back?
Well, it was quite a large amount of money.
I wanted to help my friend even
if I might lose all my money.
I wanted to trust my friend, but I vowed
never to do it again if it failed.
I wanted to trust him and
fortunately, his business succeeded.
What a relief.
That's how he repaid me for
the money I let him borrow.
- He's successful now.
- Wait a second.
Did you lie about him suing his friend?
You're so mean. That's scary.
- I thought you were telling the truth.
- I though he was in a lawsuit.
We would've believed the lawsuit
if we just passed the story.
I'll see you later, Ye-sung.
It was actually a happy ending.
Variety shows need to be honest as well.
What happened?
I wanted to be acknowledged
by you, even if I had to lie.
(He's taken aback by
Ye-sung's sudden attack)
Why don't you try being nice to the kid?
He's starting to lie on purpose.
(He really needs to leave again)
Stop going away. I'm tired
of opening the door for you.
Go sit down! You don't have anything
else to do with your face anyways.
There's no more make up.
- Ye-sung was so nice, but he's starting
to lie. - We've got a big problem.
This is a classic example of loving
your children the wrong way.
He wanted to be acknowledged by Ho-dong.
It's a relief to hear you got your
money back. Next time, get collateral.
- That's good. - He wouldn't borrow
money from him, if he had collateral.
- He doesn't have any collateral.
- Well, that's true.
He went to ask you since he
didn't have any collateral.
If he doesn't have collateral...
Next time, ask him for a promissory note.
He would've gone to the
bank if he had collateral.
Try to pick one person, who
has the most meaningful look.
- Only the "Ask Us Anything" members.
- Yeah, since he already knows us.
Show me your most meaningful looks.
My whole posture is meaningful.
I'm very honest.
- What are you honest about?
- What's wrong with his face.
(Which one of the "Ask Us Anything" member
will have the most meaningful look?)
I'd like to see Soo-geun's looks.
Well...
could you help me, just this once?
Please, Ye-sung?
(Ye-sung is sitting over here)
- Ye-sung is over here.
- I'm Ye-sung.
I was talking to you.
You look at other places when you talk.
I was just looking over there.
I'm curious if anyone has done the same.
Was there a situation or person that
made you want to give everything to?
Honestly, I've done that
with members in our group.
That's why I only lend money to our group.
You've lent money to someone?
I lent money to Shindong.
I've let a lot of people borrow money, but
he's the only person that has paid me back.
- I borrowed money from you too.
- I know.
How come you borrowed so much money?
Are you a gambler, Shindong?
- How much did you borrow from them?
- He did a lot of things.
He opened a lot of different businesses.
- He opened a PC room as well.
- Yes, the PC room.
It didn't work out, but
I paid everyone back.
We shouldn't quit our day jobs.
I feel bad, but I haven't
paid back one person.
I wish you'd pay me back quicker.
(Laughing)
I knew he paid them back, but
I haven't been paid back yet.
I'll pay you back, don't worry.
Maybe he just more
comfortable with Eun-hyuk.
I got to learn about each member of Super
Junior's thoughts through this show.
- I'm jealous.
- I found out a lot about them.
It's Shindong's turn now!
- Shindong is last to go.
- You guys are amazing.
It's not easy lending
money to other people.
- It's hard lending money to friends.
- I know.
I'll give you guys questions,
try to get it right.
There was a time when I really
hated the members in our group.
When was that?
When they made fun of you for being fat.
Being fat? No.
When we didn't like you or
when you didn't like us?
What?
When we hated you?
There was a time when I
hated each one of you.
When they told you to
go back to North Korea?
(Lost for words)
You finally made it over and
started to make a living too.
When people clap normally for everyone
else, but only clap sideways for you.
- No. - When they bring over your clothes.
- What about my clothes?
All of the other members
get nice clothes since...
they're all slim and in shape.
- That's possible. - There isn't
a lot of clothes you can wear...
so, they brought clothes that
weren't nice or it was ripped.
They made you wear clothes that
were altered or strange-looking.
When you guys go on-stage,
they look nice except for you.
Has that happened to you before?
It's happened on this show.
No, that's not a reason for
me to hate the members.
- You guys aren't even close.
- I got it.
Before you became a member...
you needed to order 3 to
4 dishes for yourself...
No, it was when we were together already.
Okay, pass.
- Okay, pass?
- No, never mind.
- When we first started, we all
lived together. - That's right.
- You're right.
- I got it.
When you lived together and something
smelled, they all looked at you.
- No, that was definitely Eun-hyuk.
- Fart smells?
Fart smells?
When we put in a dirty sock
for your birthday drink.
(Trying to remember)
- Did we do that? - That was my
birthday. You put his sock in my drink.
- That was Ye-sung's birthday. - I had
Shindong's sock in my birthday drink.
- Did you drink it? - You were all living
together. - Yes, discomfort from that.
You guys were living together, but
when there was anything missing...
from the refrigerator, they would
say, "When did you eat all of it?".
- But you didn't eat it.
- That could be.
Did that happen? It's not the answer,
but I think it could've happened.
Your clothes are a lot
bigger, so the members...
thought they were pajamas
and kept wearing it to bed.
- You got it!
- Really?
- You're exactly right.
- Are you serious?
Those were clothes you wanted wear out.
That's what I'm talking about. I'm sure
the rest of the guys don't know this.
- I bought clothes and they
were precious to me. - Really?
It had characters that I really loved.
I took time and patience
to pick out my clothes...
and it was a white shirt
I wanted to wear out.
I understand what you're saying.
That shirt cost me about $180 to buy.
It was really expensive and it was a
time when I didn't have much money.
I wore it once, washed it and
put it on the liner to dry but...
one of the members wore it to bed
and I saw him the next morning.
- It was Dong-hae.
- Lee Dong-hae did that the most!
He was the one who did it the most.
They all wore it like pajamas?
Yeah, since all my shirts were super
big they wore it like pajamas.
Yeah, it would've been comfortable.
That was really hard on me.
No one wore my clothes,
they used it as blankets.
- They used it to cover themselves?
- Yeah.
Maybe it's my personality, but I
couldn't get myself to tell them.
I really didn't know.
I really hated my member back then.
When did you ever like us?
(Let me think about that)
Do you even like the
members on Super Junior?
Tell us what you like about us.
I like them all, I do but...
I've talked about this a
lot with them before.
We would make less mistakes if
we kept everything business...
but everyone in our group like
to do things like a family.
Shindong is more like a New Yorker.
- I kind of am.
- He's a cool guy.
He's likes to separate
business and pleasure.
That's why I got into a lot of
trouble from Dong-hae before.
He cursed at me over the phone, telling
me not to think the way I did.
Dong-hae did the same to me too.
- Is Dong-hae on the passionate side?
- Totally.
He'll get mad and start crying.
For instance, he'll get say, "Shindong!
We still need to stick together...
and act like a family. Shouldn't we?".
Bingo! That's right!
He's right. He always does that.
- He doesn't give us time to get mad.
- It's because he's sensitive.
He'll get mad and say, "Ye-sung!
What the heck is wrong with you?".
(Sniffling)
He gets mad and curses but...
He gets emotionally involved.
You try to react to what he
says, but can't do anything.
We start to feel bad.
It's because I get emotionally
attached and when I think about it...
I start to cry.
- That's why. - I've been watching him
and I can see his passion. - I know.
It's an emotional passion.
Yunho might show his passion through
noise, but Dong-hae shows it with tears.
That's right.
It's personality differences.
Why don't you tell each one us what
you don't like about that person?
I really hate one thing about Eun-hyuk.
I can't stand it!
I really wanted to say this to him.
I hate it.
When we go to karaoke rooms, he always
sings the songs I put in for myself!
- I know what you're saying.
- He's too much.
When he's drunk, he thinks it's his song
and doesn't even let me sing with him.
- He doesn't let go of the mic.
- Never.
I don't have a lot of opportunity to sing.
I have even less parts than you!
- I have less parts.
- I don't have a lot of opportunities.
- I have less parts than you.
- You have to be understanding.
You win.
I don't have a lot of parts.
What about Dong-hae?
Dong-hae?
- I'm still a bit uncomfortable
when we're alone. - For 13-years?
How about we go out for a meal together?
He doesn't like that!
He already said he wanted to
keep it more business-like.
(Everyone is so serious)
He doesn't like talking
to people by himself.
Now that I think about it, I think
good-looking people have a certain swag.
That's odd of you to say.
- Shindong and I have never
eaten together. - Never.
I keep asking to go eat with me but...
How did you borrow money,
when you won't eat with him?
I asked him through the phone.
I should call him if I need something.
He's seriously driving me crazy.
How did you verify his meaningful
look when you were on the phone?
- He just trusted Shindong.
- Yeah, we're in the same group.
- It wasn't a large amount.
- That's right.
That's funny.
Wait, why did you guys ask us to come here?
We should get our competition
going if we're all here.
Why do the kids who come
here, think we're so easy?
How come they always
want to compete with us?
How come this spider won't come off?
(Dusting off)
This is bothering me.
He only thinks about making
commercials when he's awake.
I wanted to see how the
members of "Ask Us Anything"...
and Super Junior competed
against one another.
We brought some activities
we were confident about.
- Please win us.
- We'll win, no matter what.
What will happen if we win?
I don't like doing this, but if we win...
- Our title song...
- Yes, "Black Suit".
Let us sing "Black Suit" on
the show for the audience.
- As of now, it's black sweats.
- What if you lose?
If you lose, you guys have
to buy us all a suit.
- Black suits.
- No.
- One that costs $399.00.
- Why not?
I don't have any money.
Oh, really?
- You didn't get the money Shindong
borrowed. - I'll grant you a wish instead.
I already told you, my wish
is for you to buy me a suit.
Wait. Is it right for Hee-chul to be there?
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. Should I be Jang
Sung-kyu for today since he's not here?
The PE teacher is here!
He's here.
I was running late. Jang Sung-kyu is here.
- You look hung over.
- No, I'm not.
Come here, let me see.
- When are you going to lose weight?
- I already lost 6 pounds.
- The three of us are the same age.
- Really?
- Long time no see.
He's a year older than me?
How does a teacher only come to
school once every two months?
- I'm don't know either.
- Don't you come to work every day?
I'd like to come every day as well.
Let me introduce myself!
I'm your physical education
teacher, Professor Jang!
Okay, fine.
(Welcome, Professor Jang)
- That was good. - No one is happy to
see him. - What are we doing today?
The "Ask Us Anything" team will go
up against the Super Junior team.
Super Junior versus the
"Ask Us Anything" team...
in a 99-second teamwork competition!
- It's been a long time since we played
this. - We're really at this game.
The first mission is to
put a pencil in a bottle.
Put a band on your head that's attached
with a pencil and turn five times.
If you put the pencil in the
bottle after this, you pass.
The second mission is to play jacks and
catch all five jacks in one catch.
The third mission is to guess
a person through action.
Read the person's name on the sketch book
and use expression and movement for clues.
You'll have three chances to guess right.
The fourth mission is to pop five balloons.
You'll only pass if you
pop them with your butt.
The last mission is to pass a
ball while jumping rope together.
You'll win the game if the last
person puts the ball in the basket.
"Ask Us Anything" team will go first.
Figure out who will perform each mission.
I'll be the person to play jacks.
I'll do jacks since I'm good at it.
- Your hands are too small.
- I'm good.
- You're good?
- I'll turn five-times.
(Unexpectedly, Ho-dong
decides to play jacks)
Let's see the "Ask Us Anything" team win.
Let's finish on our first try, Ho-dong.
Don't drag this out, let's
finish on our first try.
- Okay.
- Sounds good.
I'm starting.
- I'm starting.
- Okay.
Start!
- Four, five.
- He's fast. He's going fast.
- Look at Kyung-hoon.
- It has to go in the bottle.
- That takes a long time.
- It needs concentration.
- It looks really difficult.
- He's got it.
- He's got this.
- I saw the staff trying this all morning.
- Let's get it.
- Almost.
Take your time, Kyung-hoon.
Go slowly and be precise.
- Let's go!
- You only have one chance.
- Okay.
- Good, you need to finish this.
- He has to do it again.
- You have to start all-over.
- Hurry, start turning.
- What's wrong with you, Ho-dong?
(A flurry of criticism)
Four, five. Do it again.
- We have plenty of time.
- Kyung-hoon is the only one suffering.
The first time was just an exercise.
- I need to stop the pencil first.
- That's a good idea.
- We can copy him.
- The pencil can't touch the ground.
It's a great idea.
It's in! Next mission!
Jacks is the easiest. He's the
one who said he wanted to do it.
That's good. They're on nicely.
You need to succeed, so we can see
what the other mission are like.
(He fails again)
- You kept bothering me!
- It's all your fault.
Let me do it!
"Ask Us Anything" Team, fail!
(All for nothing)
No one behind you could
try out their mission!
(Upset)
(How come everyone is so mean to me?)
- You're not allowed to practice!
- I'm disappointed in you, Ho-dong.
(Ho-dong and Yeong-cheol change missions)
I'll turn the rope.
- Okay, let's go!
- Be careful.
- Are you ready?
- Let's say a cheer first.
Yeah, let's say a cheer before we start.
Dong-hae is always passionate.
- One, two, three.
- Kill everyone!
(Their team cheer is brutal)
- Lee Teuk, let's go!
- Go for it!
One, two, three...
- Aren't you turning too fast?
- Five!
He turned five-times.
- Wow, this is...
- It's not easy, is it?
- It's not easy.
- You have plenty of time. Concentrate.
You have plenty of time.
- Slowly. - It's touching the floor!
- It's okay, if it touches the floor.
- Go slowly.
- He's almost got it.
- Let's do this!
- Don't laugh!
What's taking so long?
(The pencil starts moving
again due to Eun-hyuk's laugh)
Is there a magnetic field there?
- There's a magnetic field for the pencil.
- Put your hands behind your back!
What the heck are you doing?
(The time keeps passing)
(It looks like it might
go in, but it might not)
Kyung-hoon was a
professional at this sport.
I'm starting to get frustrated.
- Pass!
- This is harder than it looks!
I kept getting three-dimensional
effect from it.
- You have to start again.
- Five times around.
- That must be hard.
- 1, 2, 3...
4, 5.
You're allowed to use the floor.
I can't tell distance
or dimension from here.
Concentrate. Don't talk.
- You're almost there.
- Oh, no.
- This is really hard.
- I'm about to have an anxiety attack.
(Screaming)
- Got it!
- He got it.
- We're finished.
- No, we still have time.
- Fail!
- What are you doing?
I thought you were good at playing jack!
(These jacks are different than mine)
(In the end, Lee Teuk decides to play jacks)
These jacks don't work very well.
- It's not about being dizzy.
- Not every can do that.
It's okay to change missions if
you can't play the game well.
- Concentrate.
- Let's do this!
- You can't talk.
- Who is going to play jacks?
- Let me try one more time.
- No, you're done.
- Get ready to concentrate.
- "Ask Us Anything" Team! Start!
- Three, four.
- Five!
- Stop it from moving with the floor.
- Kyung-hoon is so good.
It's okay, we have plenty of time.
- Good, Kyung-hoon.
- Pass!
- Let's go.
- Fail!
How could you fail that?
- Is there a hidden camera on me?
- How can you fail that?
- You were fine before, what happened?
- I should go slowly.
This is turning into a one-two act.
- Slowly, Kyung-hoon.
- You have plenty of time.
Good, good, good. You're doing well. Good.
He's stopped it from moving.
- Put it in the bottle.
- Good job, you got it.
- Dang it.
- He said, "Dang it".
Pass!
- Yeong-cheol's turn.
- The teacher said, "Dang it".
You can only use movement and expression.
Jun Hyun-moo!
(They go to the fourth mission)
Fail! You can only pop them with your butt!
- You can only use your butt!
- Kyung-hoon!
You fail, "Ask Us Anything" Team!
- You're only supposed to use your butt.
- Wait.
I didn't use my hands or feet!
Now, it looks like the jacks
mission is the hardest.
- They changed members.
- Do well with the jacks!
Jacks is the most important stage.
Let's go, Super Junior Team. Get ready!
It's harder if you turn faster.
Four, five.
It's over. 30-seconds have passed.
- Go, he's lying.
- Try standing with a wider stance!
- Go more, more, more, more.
- You forgot to turn once.
- Wait a second. - Go in straight!
- The pencil is still.
- Come up slowly.
- I can't watch this anymore.
- You're kind of bad at this.
- It's there! Put it in!
Pass!
- Good job.
- He's already ready.
- Be careful.
- Fail!
- Start again, Eun-hyuk!
- Go ahead, start turning!
- Change with me.
- Three, four!
I don't think I can do this.
- He's got it.
- He seems a bit better this time.
- Pass!
- He did it faster this time.
- Get ready.
- They've gotten used to it.
Good.
Pass! Very good!
Lee Young-ja!
He got it right!
(They go quickly to the fourth mission)
- Over there. - That's two!
- Over here.
- Get ready to turn the rope.
- Three!
- Who's turning the ropes?
- Last one.
That's five!
- It doesn't matter who, hurry.
- Jump in.
This is your last mission!
- Who throws the ball in?
- The very last person.
You're doing great. Good!
(Everyone gets in safely)
(They need to pass the ball
to the front of the row)
(Totally excited)
You've got this!
(Will they succeed after only two tries?)
(Shoot, goal!)
Fail!
- What? We failed? - You put the ball
in after you got caught on the rope.
- It's a shame, but you failed!
- It wasn't me.
(They grab anyone and blame it on them)
(The person who failed the
mission was Dong-hae)
That was a total fail.
- How can you say it was a total fail?
- Sorry.
That was close.
We'll start your round right away.
- Ready!
- (Start)
One, two...
three, four...
five!
- He's good. - Kyung-hoon is
finding it difficult as well.
You look like the grandpa that turns
well on "Capture the Moments".
- Now, now. Be careful.
- Try your best. Try your best.
Ry your best. Try your best.
(He shows his class)
This will end their streak.
Pass!
Only through your actions.
- I know what it is.
- What is it?
(3. Getting angry)
- Lee Kyung-kyu!
- Pass!
- Get ready.
- It was from "Let's Have Dinner Together".
(Like an intense attack, they're
on their fourth mission)
They're going too fast.
- It's okay, we have time.
- Go slowly, take your time.
- Get yourselves ready.
- We have plenty of time.
- Why are you going in that direction?
- We have time. - Come in!
- Go slowly. - No!
- Come on in!
Are you going to put the ball in?
Are you putting the ball in?
Is it time for me to go in?
We're doing good. Great!
- Go forward.
- Pass the ball.
- No, you can't win!
- Don't do it!
(We can't lose like this)
(He begins to fiddle with his hair)
(Yeong-cheol gets caught in the ropes)
Why didn't you take the ball earlier?
(Has no excuses)
Yeong-cheol! You failed
because of your hair part!
- I don't think we can do this.
- I can't see because of my hair.
I should go tie my hair.
And also, why is Yeong-cheol
at the very end?
He ran to the very front.
- He did it by himself?
- Yes.
- I'm a good jumper.
- He wanted to be the winner today.
Don't you think it would be
nice for me to do the finale?
- Let's win it this time.
- Yeah, let's succeed!
(They failed the second-time by a
hair, they want to win this time)
- Let's finish this.
- Okay, let's go.
Get ready, Super Junior Team!
- Okay! One, two, three, four.
- He's much faster.
- Five! He's faster.
- Very good!
Eun-hyuk has started to
control the pencil. Good.
Try to put it in.
- Okay!
- Pass!
(They pass the first mission easily)
- Fail!
- What happened?
- You have plenty of time. - Jacks is
a lot harder than everyone thinks.
(He ties his hair with a
piece of popped balloon)
Eun-hyuk!
They'll have a hard time even
if Eun-hyuk puts that in.
It's now. Put it in now.
Good, Lee Teuk.
Pass!
Let's go, let's go.
Lee Hyo-ri!
Pass!
(While Ye-sung starts popping balloons...)
(They all get ready to jump rope)
Pass!
- Hurry, come in.
- I'm going.
- Who's going to go in first?
- We'll need to see the direction.
Fail!
(They fail due to Ye-sung
getting caught in the ropes)
- Ye-sung!
- I got dizzy from that.
He's so dumb! He was tired
of popping the balloons.
- Ye-sung should've gone in last.
- Ye-sung!
- He told me to jump first since
he's tired. - Are you guys ready?
- Who will be the last to jump for our
team? - Let's start this right away.
"Ask Us Anything" Team, get ready!
(Start!)
(Both teams have gotten
used to the missions...
who will make the least
amount of mistakes?)
Now, slowly, slowly.
- You have to lower your body for this.
- He spread his legs too much.
(He succeeds in one try)
(Admiration)
- We have plenty of time.
- We play jacks the best.
They're getting faster.
- You have to play jacks well.
- I do.
Yoo Jae-suk!
(He gives it his all to popping
balloons with his butt)
- They're really fast.
- You got it.
Now, start turning the rope.
The ball-thrower should go first.
We have 60-seconds left.
He's in first again?
He went in as soon as I asked
who will throw the ball in.
- Come closer to the front.
- Come in, come in!
- We're looking good. - Why does he
still have the pencil on his head?
Kyung-hoon is amazing, isn't he?
- No one knows yet.
- They haven't won yet.
(They succeed in giving
the last person the ball)
(Yeong-cheol shoots)
(They fail because of Yeong-cheol again)
- Who told you to throw the ball again?
- Let's do this guys!
You guys fail!
- Who's throwing the ball? - Yeong-cheol,
you failed because you tied your hair.
The person throwing the ball is important.
(Sinner)
- Soo-geun should throw the ball.
- Let's slowly move this way.
(Brick)
- Seo Jang-hoon can't even put it in.
- Don't turn the rope too fast.
- One, two, three, kill everyone!
- Let's start again.
- What the heck, Jang-hoon!
- Give me the ball again.
Shooting the basket is
harder than you think.
You missed six-times, Jang-hoon.
(This isn't easy at all)
Okay, okay. Let's go, let's go!
(Super Junior Team gets
another opportunity)
Let's say our cheer again.
One, two, three, kill everyone!
Run, run, run!
Let's show them our teamwork.
- You're running alone.
- I know, he abandoned me.
Ready!
Concentrate.
- Let's go, Eun-hyuk. - Good job!
- He's getting much faster.
- I like your speed. - Spread your legs
further. - Do you want me to do it for you?
- His legs need to be wider.
- That's great!
Hurry and flip it over. Flip it over.
Pass!
Good job, Lee Teuk.
- Choi Yang-rak?
- You got it!
- You've got time.
- Go slowly.
We got this, we got this.
Start!
- Go slowly.
- I'll go in first.
Good. Ye-sung looks good this time.
Hee-chul is turning the rope?
It's too fast!
You guys are swinging too fast.
- They're going super fast.
- You're going too fast!
- Go slower!
- It's too fast, it's too fast!
(Jump roping in lunacy)
(They drop the ball and fail)
- Fail!
- Why did you drop the ball!
- It's too fast.
- You need to go slower.
- It's your fault!
This is all your fault.
- Why did you turn it so fast?
- Kim Hee-chul!
- I'd like to compliment you!
- What the heck? Are you the X-man?
- X-man!
- You're swinging too fast.
Why did he turn it so fast?
You should've jumped faster
if we're turning it faster.
- We should've kept to our plan.
- We should move closer to the bucket.
- We can slowly move toward the bucket.
- Okay.
- That's not against the rules.
- Yeah, let's move closer.
- I didn't think of that before.
- We can do that if we have time.
Are you telling us
you're going to cheat?
No, it's not cheating.
You can do it too.
You're going to move closer
while turning the rope?
- You can do it too.
- We can? - Yeah.
- Both teams have a chance.
- Good. That's good.
- This is our last chance.
- You can dunk it , if you want.
"Ask Us Anything" Team, get ready!
(Start)
(He's so good, he could close
his eyes and turn around)
Five, okay.
- This isn't good.
- The pencil is caught!
You can go as slowly as you need.
- Kyung-hoon is concentrating. - We need
to do well since they're used to this too.
- Pass! - He got it. We have
to admit that he's good.
Pass!
Passed by a hair.
- Isn't he good?
- What's that? Who is that?
Kim Yeong-cheol, Lee Young-ja, Ha Chun-hwa!
- He got it right.
- I got it right in three chances.
Let's do this!
Let's try to be quicker.
That's the hardest part.
Let's go, Kyung-hoon! Come in.
- What? I can't go in.
- No, you can. Come in.
Hurry! The next person needs to come in.
(His body slowly starts to
melt with ambiguous sounds)
Go toward the front. You need to move.
The first person to jump
needs to move closer.
Let's move forward! Move little-by-little!
- Move forward.
- He wants us to move forward.
- Give the ball to Kyung-hoon!
- Good, go for it. - Move closer.
(What happened?)
Move closer.
(Goal)
"Ask Us Anything" Team finishes with
24.39-seconds left on the clock.
- Good job.
- We did well!
- It's 24.39-seconds.
- Job well-done.
(We were white-hot out there)
- You guys can get closer too.
- Do you want to put the ball in?
- This is our last chance.
- They're not going to beat us!
- Let's do this.
- One, two, three, kill them all!
- Good. - You can win if you
beat our time of 24.39-seconds.
Okay, let's go, let's go!
- Let's go!
- Yes!
It's Super Junior Team's last chance.
Get ready!
(He turns even faster)
(He accidentally knocks over the bottle)
He touched the bottle with his hands.
He can stand it back up.
- Don't get flustered.
- His pencil might fly off next time.
- Very good, you're doing well.
- You need to do it on the first time.
- You have plenty of time.
- He can't make the pencil stop moving.
Pass!
You're good. You have time.
(Shoots a gun, pulls back his hair)
- Won Bin.
- Pass!
- We got this! We got this!
- They're super fast!
This is really hard.
- Last one.
- Okay, okay.
- This is your last mission.
- Take your time.
- Go slowly.
- If you fail, we win.
(Will Super Junior be able to show
their cover song on the show?)
- Go slowly. - More, more, more.
- You're doing well!
- You have plenty of time.
- They're starting to jump faster!
(How will the game end?)
- You're doing well!
- You have plenty of time.
They're starting to jump faster!
(How will the game end?)
Do it!
(Totally an absurd way to lose)
You failed!
He got caught on the jump rope.
You had over 40-seconds left on the clock.
I can't believe you guys lost to them.
The "Ask Us Anything" Team wins the
99-second mission competition!
I was in too much of a rush!
Just as I suspected. Lee Teuk really
is Kang Ho-dong's descendant.
He's your descendant.
(There are no regrets from either
side since they tried their best)
- Were you trying to be funny?
- No, I really tried my best.
Super Junior will now listen to each
member's wish on "Ask Us Anything".
I'm curious, we're not allowed
to sing our title song today?
That can't be true.
I'm allowed to tell Super Junior our
wish from "Ask Us Anything", right?
- What the heck?
- Get over on your side.
Youngest!
- Fine, fine.
- What were you going to say as your wish?
- I'd like to say a wish.
- What?
- What is it? - Today is our 100th
episode, I want Super Junior...
to show us their new title song since
they were nice to come on the show today!
(Ho-dong must be Solomon)
That's not right. We need
to say our wish. No way!
Kang Ho-dong! Kang Ho-dong! Kang Ho-dong!
- Doesn't anyone have a wish? - I'd
like to say Buzz is starting our tour.
Next person. You can tell us your wish.
Of course, I'd like to
hear Super Junior's song.
I'd like to request, "Sorry, Sorry".
Super Junior!
You're going to split Super Junior's heads?
Isn't this the first time
singing on our show?
(Her beautiful backside
instantly grabs attention)
(She's here)
Don't I look pretty?
- You're just tall.
- I liked the back better.
Look, it's Kim Tae-won! Kim Tae-won!
You're so mean. Didn't you date a model?
You must've liked her.
This is the worst.
(Wind-up of fury)
This is frustrating.
Weren't you supposed to leave, Yeong-cheol?
I stopped watching after 10-minutes.
Buzz isn't what it used to be.
- Who the heck are you?
- Why are you here?
He looks like a deflated Ko Chang-seok.
You can't compare me to Chang-seok!
(They learn how to walk
from a super-model)
(They all deny any normalcy)
Geez, seriously?
(Class is over)
(They try to become the best super-model)
What are we going to do?
(All the would-be models try to win)
(A model on a different class appears)
- That looks like house on her head.
- How big is your head?
- I'm today's best model.
- I'd bet $.50 cents on me being the best.
- I look most like a model.
- Your face needs to get in trouble.
- What's taking so long?
- I don't like these clothes.
- What happened?
- How did he change so fast?
(A competition where cheating is rampant)
What the heck is going on?
When you lose a shoe at a fashion show.
Please leave the runway.
(Sad)
("Ask Us Anything", every
Saturday night at 8:50)
(First seen: Super
Junior's "Black Suit")
(The black suit that stole my heart)
Look at Kim Hee-chul!
(Your rouge headed straight for my heart)
(Move it up, you make me
fall with just a movement)
(My heart feels like
it'll burst, Mood)
Subtitles by OnDemandKorea